hey guys welcome to lingua marina today
we're going to work
on diversifying your vocabulary i've
identified
15 words in english that i use all the
time that i use
all the time and we will work on
learning synonyms to those words and we
will explore those synonyms so the next
time
you see a nice person you don't say nice
person
you say a cordial person or a charming
person or a
interesting person but you don't use
knives all the time
so if you're interested smash the like
button and continue watching
this video the first word is angry
we use it in many different situations
oh my god my husband is angry i'm late
for dinner
oh my god my parents are angry because i
didn't come to visit them last weekend
instead of saying angry all the time you
can give
different meanings to this word and use
different words for example
my husband was furious because he
prepared dinner for the first time
in five years and i was late and
everything
was wasted furious is a great synonym
another synonym
is that after you were late you had a
heated
argument that means your emotions were
over the top
you were arguing and fighting with your
husband
instead of saying that your husband was
angry you can say he was
offended he was bitter he was
irritated and therefore he was cross
with you so instead of saying angry
angry angry
you can use those great alternatives her
face always looks irritated well it
makes it more irritated
another word that we use all the time is
the word other
do you have any other options do you
have any other solutions
do you have any other shoes instead of
saying other you can say alternative
are there any alternative solutions to
these problems
let's talk alternative options do you
have any further
suggestions are there any different
opinions
on this problem another word that we use
really often
is the word answer for example when we
have a problem
we say what's an answer to this problem
in this case this word can be replaced
with word solution
or you can replace it with a word
explanation
what's the explanation to this problem
excuse me it's the only explanation
we often use the word literally so for
example
when you say i was literally drowned in
paperwork that means that you're
sitting at your desk and you have all
these documents that you need to go
through so you're
literally drowning so this literally
means that
this is actually happening you're not
overreacting this is
your reality you're drowning in
paperwork you can replace this word
by saying absolutely i'm absolutely
overwhelmed
at work i'm absolutely drowning in all
these documents
absolutely quick ad break this video is
brought to you by skillshare
and they have an amazing course on
copywriting and i'm gonna explain why
i'm mentioning it here
because if you feel that you're
overusing
the same words in english try and write
texts in english and because you're
probably when you're writing a text in
english you're translating it from your
language
i suggest you start learning about
copywriting in english
and copywriting is really important if
you're writing essays if you're writing
emails
if you're using english who work or
maybe you would start blogging in
english
there is a course on skillshare called
copywriting and you're going to learn
all the techniques that professional
people are using
and you're going to learn a lot of new
vocabulary and instead of saying
asked asked sad set you're gonna learn a
lot of new words that you can use
to write great copy because you're
watching this video you're getting
two months of skillshare premium and
skillshare
is an online learning community where
millions come together to take the next
step in their creative journey
with thousands of inspiring classes for
creative and curious people
on topics like illustration design
photography
video and copywriting skillshare is a
community created specifically for
people who want to enhance their skills
that means there are no ads
it's less than ten dollars a month with
their annual subscription
and the content is highly curated so
you're sure that you're learning from
top professionals again because you're
watching this video you're getting two
free months of skillshare the link will
be below
sign up and take this copywriting course
enhance your english language ability
with a course from skillshare the next
word that we use all the time is the
word more
can you give me more answers can you
give me more of this
i want more instead of saying more all
the time
there are several alternatives that i
want you to write down by the way
guys because i'm giving you a lot of
information in this video and you know
there is a rule
that a lot of english teachers came up
with but this comes from our own
experience
thing is you can't learn more than five
words a day because
sometimes you would think oh my god i
need 3 000 words to be fluent in english
to understand people
and i have a year so i'm going to learn
100 new words a day
this doesn't work because i want you to
start using words not just
knowing them knowing them is the first
step but in order to start using them
you don't have to overwhelm yourself
with all the words that i'm giving to
you in this video
so what i want you to do is to write
them down and come back to them if there
are any words that you are hearing for
the first time
have them written down and then practice
them later five words a day this is the
golden rule
so the word more can be replaced by for
example incremental when we're talking
about changes
there are more changes coming with this
pandemic there are
incremental changes coming with this
pandemic
he's been conducting incremental tests
you can also say additional
i need additional options instead of
saying i need more options you say i
need additional options or i need
additional solutions instead of saying i
want more context
on this problem you can say i need
greater context
on this problem again these words are
slightly different they have slightly
different meaning
but they make your speech more
professional and you sound more like a
native speaker
when you try to replace words with their
synonyms that have a slightly different
meaning
nice oh my god this is my favorite word
because i use it all the time and thank
you guys so much those who are
subscribed to me on instagram
whenever i say nice so cute you're like
marina but you taught us to not use this
word all the time and you're using it in
the third story today
this is great because i know this is a
very common mistake
it's not even a mistake this is the way
we speak and i'm sure you do that in
your own language for example i speak
russian i can use the same word over and
over again and
my parents for example be like marina
you can say other words as well
they do exist so the thing is it's just
the way we speak and
this is something to work on so nice can
be replaced by
attractive when we're talking about
somebody's appearance
how attractive charming about their
character
delightful again when we're talking
about the type of person somebody is or
when we're describing an event or
conversation this was a delightful
conversation
you're delightful lovely polite
kind gracious again these words have a
slightly deeper meaning than just being
nice
and i would actually appreciate a
comment marina
you're very polite person or marina
you're a really charming person instead
of just nice
because next is very general and those
words that i'm giving to you are
revealing more details
describe this is a word that's really
useful when you're writing an essay
because you describe a problem this
problem was described in a way
the person was described in a way and
was described as in every single
paragraph
there are certain words that you can use
for example the character was
portrayed as a intelligent polite person
as the charging papers portray you at
the top of the conspiracy
or you can say the problem was
characterized
as a serious problem or you can say
the accident was reported as this this
and this
so always replace this described because
by the way if you're taking toefl
and if you're writing an essay they
would actually
deduct points from you if you're using
the same words over and over again
because they want you to know synonyms
and they want you to have a broader
vocabulary for that test
use it's another word that we use all
the time
we can replace it by adopt you should
adopt new words into your speech
employ utilize just want to utilize your
skill set now
the next word that we're using all the
time is the word hard
i had a hard day this is a hard task
this is a heart problem to deal with
there are actually a lot of great
alternatives for example the problem can
be
challenging that means you kind of need
to try and solve it this is a
challenging problem which becomes
challenging
or this is a demanding day that means it
demands a lot of your energy to go
through it or you can just use plain old
difficult this is a difficult problem to
deal with
difficult very difficult
the next word that we love to use is
word
many i have many problems i have many
shoes
i have many friends we say it all the
time great alternatives are
handful i have handful of friends or you
can say
i have numerous friends all over the
world because i travel a lot and i speak
english
and i learn english with lingua marina
and this is why it's so good
by the way thank you so much guys for
everyone who's commenting down below
with our progress
in english because this is the best
thing that can ever happen when you're
teaching people english on youtube and
then they get back to you and say
marina my accent improved marina was
able to get into university of my dreams
this is the best thank you everyone who
left
comments like that instead of saying
many you can also say
thousands i get thousands of comments
every single day
i don't get thousands but still i can
use that instead of many
thousands of people or you can say
multitude
the next word is able are you able to
manage this risk are you able to perform
like that
instead of saying able you can say can
you
manage to deal with this problem i'll
manage
or you can say can you handle this for
me bad
is the word that we learn when we start
learning english and this is a very
natural word for us and we try to use it
everywhere
for every single situation but again
there are
numerous synonyms to this word first of
all
if you're talking about somebody's
performance you can say subpar
which means like average not really good
slash bad
bad performance can be replaced with
subpar performance
from the subpar education lousy is
another great
synonym happy is a great word
that we all know but again it's so
widely used
that sometimes you really need to
replace it with something else
i had a happy day you can say i had a
delightful day
i feel happy you can say i feel pleased
i feel cheerful when you're very happy
you can say
i am thrilled i'm thrilled with your
progress i'm thrilled with our new
apartment
yeah i'm thrilled another alternative to
thrilled
is ecstatic this is like you're
on top of the world ecstatic unique
is also a very common word and i know
why because in many languages we kind of
adopted this word unique it had the same
roots as an english word so we use it
all the time
but there are great alternatives to this
word for example you can stay
distinctive for example somebody has
read here and you can say
she has this unique feature but instead
of saying unique you can say
distinctive and you would say she has
this distinctive feature
she has red hair definitely distinctive
or if you've taken a test and you have
unique results
like you scored 120 out of 120 on toefl
you can say that your results are
extraordinary
or you can say that they are exceptional
and the last word that we use really
often is the word
best which can also be replaced by
other words you can say top quality if
you're talking about
socks for example or you can say that
something is perfect for you
instead of saying that it's the best
that was it from me for today guys i
hope you enjoyed this video if you're
not yet subscribed this channel
please hit the subscribe button and i
will see you very soon in my next videos
bye